We will construct our social networking application iteratively. 
In this first assignment we create a web page that may act as our landing page, i.e., the first page that users will see when they come to our app. This page will contain a registration form for users to create an account. 
Additionally we will create a web page to process the user input.

Use Chrome as your standard supported browser.

Registration Page Requirements
Save this page as index.html

A form with text fields for user's
 account name display name (optional) email address phone number date of birth zipcode password password confirmation
Clear button that empties all fields
Submit button that performs validation on the form
There should also be a hidden field named timestamp which will contain the current timestamp in millis (i.e., since epoch) when the submit button is pressed (this can be the time when the page was loaded).
All fields are required except the display name which is optional.
Fields should be validated for proper content, i.e., valid phone number, valid email address. [These do not need to be exhaustive, e.g., a@b.co is a "valid" email, but 123-123 is not a valid phone number.]
Only individuals 18 years of age or older on the day of registration are allowed to register, use a JavaScript alert or a HTML5 validation message to notify underage attempts
Account name can only be upper or lower case letters and numbers, but may not start with a number. The account name may contain only letters.
Validate password equality with the password confirmation field.
If the form is not valid then use a JavaScript alert or HTML5 validation messages to inform the user what specifically is wrong so they know what to fix
The submit button makes a GET request to the form processor page (see below) with the form contents
Form Processor Requirements
Save this page as formProcessor.html

Extract the query parameter from the location and display the key-value pairs in a table
The "hidden field" timestamp should be rendered as a human readable datetime
